docs: Added a note about using with Terraform Cloud Agents (#108)
terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-notify-slack: README.md

Version 3 uses [Terraform AWS Lambda module](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-lambda) to handle most of heavy-lifting related to Lambda packaging, roles, and permissions, while maintaining the same interface for the user of this module after many of resources will be recreated.

## Using with Terraform Cloud Agents

[Terraform Cloud Agents](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/workspaces/agent.html) are a paid feature, available as part of the Terraform Cloud for Business upgrade package.

> This module requires Python 3.8, which you need to install, build an image, and use it for your [tfc-agent](https://hub.docker.com/r/hashicorp/tfc-agent). Here is a sample Dockerfile you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module requires Python 3.8. You can customize [tfc-agent](https://hub.docker.com/r/hashicorp/tfc-agent) to include Python using this sample `Dockerfile`:
```
